XORS is a simple API of XO game, supports multiplayer. You can find the repository of XORS [here](https://github.com/TheAwiteb/xors).

### Authnication and Authorization in XORS

We use JWT for authentication and authorization in XORS. The JWT token is generated by the XORS server and is sent to the client. The client then sends the JWT token in the header of each request to the server. The server then verifies the token and grants access to the client.

#### Captcha

When you signup or signin to XORS, you need to get the captcha from `/auth/captcha` it's returns a captcha token and captcha image (base64 encoded). You need to send the captcha token and captcha answer to the endpoint in the header. The captcha token is **valid for 5 minutes**, if the captcha token is expired, you need to get a new captcha token. The captcha token can be **used only once**.

##### The required headers
- `X-Captcha-Token`: The captcha token.
- `X-Captcha-Answer`: The captcha answer.

#### Rate Limit

For each IP address, you can send **1500 requests** per minute to the XORS server. If you exceed this limit, you will receive a `429 Too Many Requests` error. For **unauthenticated** requests, the rate limit allows for up to **30 requests** per minute and it's enough for signup and signin to XORS.

##### Headers
- `X-RateLimit-Limit`: The maximum number of requests that the consumer is permitted to make per minute.
- `X-RateLimit-Remaining`: The number of requests remaining in the current rate limit window.
- `X-RateLimit-Reset`: The time at which the current rate limit window resets in UTC epoch seconds.


#### JWT Token

When you signup or signin to XORS, the server generates a JWT token and sends it to you, which you can use to access the XORS API. The The token is sent in the `Authorization` header of each request to the server. The token is **valid for 1 hour** and the refresh token is **valid for 3 hours** and available **after 58 minuts after generate it**. If the JWT and refresh token is expired, you need to signin again to get a new tokens.
